hello my name is antoine fouche
teacher drawing in a workshop
Parisian 14th arrondissement and I
will show you how to draw
agree to 6 then the body so poses
different types of difficulties between
tournus and thighs that are in a
position in the race he asks for a
particular montage two sketches then
we will start with the proportion
overall body to draw some
undecided
we will start with the head which is the
most visible part of the
body we're going to have the bust the bust in
sitting position undergoes no deformation
so there will be no problem
particular on the on the bust and then goes
to arrive a more complex part to
inside their presentation that's going
operate at the thighs why
because they come to you and
so at that moment the proportions
undergo deformation
first we will have to find the
relative knee position by
compared to what was drawn above
of the body so look at the alignment of the
knee to the shoulders
ok maybe we can negotiate in
hockey so the difficulty will come to the
level of knee positioning
why because they come to you
and so it's more complicated then to
so position the best system
it is to find a point at the level of
shoulders and find his alignment
so there right now I'm playing there is going to be
in the alignment here and we're going to ask this
first game we pretty much
brutal calf he's not going to suffer from
deformation because he too is
vertical and does not come to us and
so he'll be like the torso
relatively simple to treat
stone we can go back to finish the
skiers watch the position
chest position
the position of the second of the second
game we also important
we will compare it to the position all this
which has already been drawn so there in
the occurrence the knee be located at
the outside of the body so to the
position we will deduce the position
thigh reposition
another important element is the
mediant position of the plane the circus
breast the sternum the navel and the
pubis will tell us the orientation
of the body we are attentive to the season ena
to position them in space
so here we saw in the drawing of a
character sitting the importance of
positioning the knees because of
elements that come to you so from
elements called shortcuts so
we must be particularly attentive
to those areas there that she will push the type
drawing